EUEE-1377 document customer property definition pushes (agent-chat-ap… (#1674)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.7/rtm-pushes/index.mdx

</CodeResponse>

### `customer_property_definition_created`

> Indicates that a customer property definition was created within an organization. The payload contains the full state of the customer property definition. `type` is one of `string`, `number`, `bool`, `timestamp`, or `link`. `type_configuration.format`, applicable only to the `timestamp` type, is one of `date-time`, `date`, or `time`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates that a [customer property](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.7/data-structures#customer-property) definition was created within an organization. The payload contains the full state of the customer property definition.
```

I've recently merged the customer property docs (https://platform.text.com/docs/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.7/data-structures#customer-property and CDP as well https://platform.text.com/docs/management/customer-data-platform-api#/paths/~1v1~1create_customer_property_definition/post), so I think we can link just this here and keep the structural description in the method/structure.

<CodeResponse title={'Sample push payload'}>

```json
{
  "id": "b8375b7f-954f-4155-a372-e46b0f12b135",
  "name": "loyalty_since",
  "type": "timestamp",
  "type_configuration": {
    "format": "date-time"
  },
  "description": "Date the customer joined the loyalty program",
  "created_at": "2026-06-09T07:11:28Z",
  "updated_at": "2026-06-09T07:11:28Z"
}
```

</CodeResponse>

### `customer_property_definition_updated`

> Indicates that a customer property definition was updated within an organization. The payload contains the full current state of the customer property definition, including the fields that did not change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates that a [customer property](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.7/data-structures#customer-property) definition was updated within an organization. The payload contains the full current state of the customer property definition, including the fields that did not change.
```
